Since you are from Kunlun
But cover the matter of casting spells as abuse
Aren't you afraid of being chased by Kunlun?
Don't bother.
We have withdrawn from Kunlun
Now work for Lei Shao
What to do with the past
What's with you
So the first Kunlun letter
Holding a sharp weapon but having to commit a crime
Did you make a mistake too?
How do you know Kunlun Xun Sword?
Who are you?
You are part of the Kunlun family
Embrace martial arts
But admire a powerful man who oppresses the good
Dare to ask my identity
Say it if you have an identity
Don't pretend to be mysterious
Otherwise the conflict will escalate
I'm something you can afford
No face
Drunk in public
There are three religions and nine streams here, everything
I don't know where you heard that from
But you dare to come out and pretend to be me with just a few words
I really admire him
Yes, Kunlun training is no secret
But you liked it.
Hey
I didn't find it very interesting to crush his bones.
To crush one's will
More fun than crushing his bones
What do you want us to do?
Come and lick my shoes clean
Then get out by yourself
Or be licked clean by your love
Hahaha